1. We need to put it under the control of npm.(i.e the empty folder)
--save to store an entry in package.json
body-parser to parse the incoming request.

BODY IN POSTMAN IS PAYLOAD WHICH IS USED TO CREATE A CERTAIN OBJECT.(just an example)

in server.js i will setup all the code spin up the server.
const http = require('http'); import syntax in node.js
server.listen to start the server.
app.js is used to hadle the request a bit easier.
app.use() sets up a middleware

IN app.js mostly u iport each route by require.
how to setup the rroute.
i have to setup the express router
Router is a subpackage of express . This express ships with.
now u can use that router to register different routes.

module.exports = router;
means that so that the router with the routes we configured and is exported and can be used in other files. such as app.js


we forward all request ot /products  to our products routing file here.
we need to forward the request ot file (i.e app.js)

we dont need to return for a single line of code becaus ewe dont have any further code in it.

status code: 201 used for post where it means everything was susccesssful ,resource created.

nodemon so that whenever we make changes we dont need to restart the server.

morgan is logging package for nod.js
morgan basicalyy is the one who will call the next function behind the scene.
saying i dont return a respone and is did something in thiscase which is logging.


Error handling:
error thrown from naywhere in the application is then handle at last.

method is a property which gives access to http method used on  the access.

because browser always send the options request. to check whether he is allowed to or not.
so that all the error canbe appende to the incoming request.

For other methods only first two headers are attached. then it goes on to the routes.

in app.js the connection setup takes place.


Mogodb:


1.new instance of that model.
save() is the method provided by mongoose which we can use on models. and then store it in databse.
use .exec to chain it and make it a promise.
callback funtion(err,result) instead use promise.
FIND() it finds all the elemnts present in the databse.




Postman#####
on json body you can also pass an array and inside it a javascript object with key value pair.
example:
propName:"name"  here name is the property which we awant to update. and value poperty which hold the value you wanna updatae.


.select() method use to fetch the data u want to fetch and not all the data.
defaultquants will be stored in the database.

Populate queries with the help of populate() here u pass the name of refernce property not the model name.


In normal node app you dont return session but in RESTFUL service it cant be a session.
They don not store any  information about the connected clients.
this token can be stored by our client  and can be used to attach to future request.
 
jwt verify makiing sure that the client can identify himself to our server and access the protected resources.